Review for #84 (#99)
carpentries-incubator/jekyll-pages-novice: _episodes/github-pages.md

> >
> >        Twitter: [@my_research_project](https://twitter.com/my_research_project)
> >
> >     Note how we used various Markdown syntax: quoted text (`>`), italic font (`*`) and external links

> > >     (square `[]` and round brackets `()` for mailto and regular Web URLs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> >     (a combination of square `[]` and round brackets `()` containing the link text and mailto or regular Web URLs respectively).
```

I think this is clearer - the original wording could potentially be confusing as a learner might read it as meaning "use square brackets for mailto and regular brackets for Web URLs."
